Wrote Python scripts to automate milling, imaging, and data collection procedures on dual-beam FIB-SEM (focused ion beam - scanning electron microscope) systems.
Used Python computer vision libraries such as OpenCV and Skimage for image analysis on FIB-SEM images to measure machining tolerances, optical aberrations, and beam sharpness.
Contributed to a software tool (Python) for performing parallel General Particle Tracer (GPT) simulations Linux HPC environment, and for data preprocessing and analysis.
Developed statistical metrics to characterize performance for novel FIB column designs.
Developed Python code to optimize novel FIB column designs, resulting in up to 350% improvement in FIB performance for some applications.
Used Python libraries such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, and Seaborn for data analysis, visualization, and presentation to a team of scientists in order to inform decisions on technology development.



Developed and validated coarse-grained models for biological macromolecules using molecular dynamics simulations, Monte-Carlo simulations, and stochastic differential equations.
Performed and analyzed molecular dynamics simulations using GROMACS and LAMMPS software on HPC clusters at San Diego Supercomputer Center.
Characterized performance and the degree of parallelism of molecular dynamics simulations to determine computational resources requirement on 128 Core/node HPC system.
Wrote code in Python and Fortran for statistical analysis of  10TB of simulation data.
Validated coarse-grained molecular models against predictions of statistical models such as principal component analysis (PCA) and time-lagged independent component analysis (t-ICA).
Mentored undergraduate and graduate research assistants on projects related to molecular coarse-graining schemes and simulation data analysis.

Instructed and graded coursework for undergraduate physics courses covering electricity and magnetism, circuitry, and Newtonian mechanics.


Provided group tutoring and private tutoring for library patrons in math and science subjects including: elementary algebra, probability, statistics, discrete math, calculus, differential equations, linear algebra, partial differential equations, chemistry, and physics.
Trained library student employees on techniques for tutoring elementary and advanced mathematical topics and concepts.

